[bindgen] Upgraded eslint plugins + adding prettier as a dep (#7299)
realm/realm-core: CHANGELOG.md

* Expressions in `CHECK()` macros are printed to better; strings are quoted and null strings are printed as NULL instead of no output.
* Refactored version resolution for the `build-apple-device.sh` script. ([#7263](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7263))
* Remove SyncUser::binding_context() and related things, which were not actually used by any SDKs.

> * (bindgen) Upgrading `eslint-config-prettier` & `eslint-plugin-prettier` and adds a missing peer dependency on `prettier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (bindgen) Upgrade `eslint-config-prettier` & `eslint-plugin-prettier` and add a missing peer dependency on `prettier`.
```
